Add documentation about removal smart_union in v2 (#11275)
pydantic/pydantic: docs/migration.md

    * `fields` — this was the source of various bugs, so has been removed.
      You should be able to use `Annotated` on fields to modify them as desired.
    * `getter_dict` — `orm_mode` has been removed, and this implementation detail is no longer necessary.

>     * `smart_union` - the Pydantic V2 behavior is now the same as if this was always set
>       to `True` in Pydantic V1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `smart_union` - the default `union_mode` in Pydantic V2 is `'smart'`.
```
